uom-specific/matlab/private-toolboxes.md, before:

# MATLAB toolboxes at UoM
An overview of MATLAB toolboxes is given at https://www.applications.itservices.manchester.ac.uk/show_content.php?id=178.

The research version of MATLAB at UoM comes with 24 MATLAB toolboxes, and the NAG toolbox.
The list of toolboxes is detailed here:
https://manchester.saasiteu.com/Modules/SelfService/#knowledgeBase/view/820634D1D55540C6A8BCCF58A4181874

If you need access to a toolbox that is not in that list, you will need to purchase a license for it.

# Purchase of a toolbox for exclusive use
- IT services request a quote from the MathWorks (approx £200 per toolbox)
- The user pays MathWorks directly for the quoted toolbox.
- The toolbox will be associated with the network (Research) licence, 1560.
- Licence file is updated - lead time of a few days.
- Field support / Support Centre will install the toolbox on the required machine(s).
- The licence token is for your exclusive use, but belongs to the University of Manchester.
- As such, you wouldn't be able to take the toolbox with you if you leave UoM.

## Annual maintenance fee
- In general, purchase of a toolbox would give you the current version only.
- Updates to the toolbox i.e. to enable compatibility with subsequent versions of MATLAB require a *maintenance* fee to be paid (this is small compared with the initial purchase cost).
- For ease of support, IT services have made a policy decision that the maintenance fee has to be paid for a user to retain access to the toolbox.
- You get a reminder each year to pay the maintenance cost, which is what most users do. However, there is no obligation to pay the maintenance if you no longer need the toolbox.

Commit message:

Include campus-wide licence in toolboxes info

uom-specific/matlab/private-toolboxes.md, after:

# MATLAB toolboxes at UoM
## Previously ...
An overview of MATLAB toolboxes is given at https://www.applications.itservices.manchester.ac.uk/show_content.php?id=178.

The research version of MATLAB at UoM comes with 24 MATLAB toolboxes, and the NAG toolbox.
The list of toolboxes is detailed here:
https://manchester.saasiteu.com/Modules/SelfService/#knowledgeBase/view/820634D1D55540C6A8BCCF58A4181874

If you need access to a toolbox that is not in that list, you will need to purchase a license for it.

### Purchase of a toolbox for exclusive use
- IT services request a quote from the MathWorks (approx £200 per toolbox)
- The user pays MathWorks directly for the quoted toolbox.
- The toolbox will be associated with the network (Research) licence, 1560.
- Licence file is updated - lead time of a few days.
- Field support / Support Centre will install the toolbox on the required machine(s).
- The licence token is for your exclusive use, but belongs to the University of Manchester.
- As such, you wouldn't be able to take the toolbox with you if you leave UoM.

### Annual maintenance fee
- In general, purchase of a toolbox would give you the current version only.
- Updates to the toolbox i.e. to enable compatibility with subsequent versions of MATLAB require a *maintenance* fee to be paid (this is small compared with the initial purchase cost).
- For ease of support, IT services have made a policy decision that the maintenance fee has to be paid for a user to retain access to the toolbox.
- You get a reminder each year to pay the maintenance cost, which is what most users do. However, there is no obligation to pay the maintenance if you no longer need the toolbox.

## Campus-Wide licence
UoM *currently* has a [campus-wide licence] until the end October 2021, and the previous research version
has been 'stored'.
As such it currently isn't possible to make any changes to that licence,
including adding toolboxes.

Users should therefore use the campus-wide licence for the time being to install whatever
toolboxes they need.

[campus-wide licence]: https://research-it.manchester.ac.uk/news/2020/09/22/matlab-licence-update-sept2020/
